rename price feeds into data feeds (#325)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Introduction/tutorials/intermediates-tutorial.md

# 1. Request & Receive

> The previous tutorial went through how to consume Chainlink Data Feeds, which consists of reference data posted on-chain by oracles. This data is stored in a contract and can be referenced by consumers until the price is updated by the oracle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous tutorial went through how to consume Chainlink Data Feeds, which consists of reference data posted on-chain by oracles. This data is stored in a contract and can be referenced by consumers until the oracle updates the data again.
```
